---
layout: post
title: "Creating an Emoji Game with Vue, Auth0 and Google Vision API"
description: "Creating an Emoji Game with Vue, Auth0 and Google Vision API"
date: "2019-11-18 08:30"
author:
  name: "Fikayo Adepoju"
  url: "coderonfleek"
  mail: "fik4christ@yahoo.com"
  avatar: "https://twitter.com/coderonfleek/profile_image?size=original"
related:
  - 2017-11-15-an-example-of-all-possible-elements
---

**TL;DR:** Let's face it, Artificial Intelligence (AI) is taking over applications. In the not-so-far future, every software will have AI systems embedded in it and applications without it will slowly fade away. The ability for software applications to understand data generated by users and use it for valuable predictions is fast becoming a must-have in every application. The big names in tech are not unaware of this as we see tech giants like Google, Microsoft e.t.c. launching AI and Machine learning APIs and SDKs to enable developers easily embed these capabilities in their applications. In this article, we would make use of [Google's Vision API](https://cloud.google.com/vision/) to build a simple emoji prediction game.

## What we are to build

The application we will be building is a simple emoji game that displays a random emoji to the user, the user then has to scan a physical object around them that matches the emoji using the webcam and Google's Vision API will predict the scanned image and return results that will be compared to the emoji to see if it matches.

The game would operate as follows:

1. User has to sign in to play
2. User would select a camera feed from a dropdown that displays all available camera feeds on the system
3. User clicks "Play" to start a new game, an emoji will be displayed to the user to scan a matching object
4. Use scans object and clicks on "Predict" for Google's Vision API to return results to check for a match
5. User must scan an object before a 60 seconds timer runs out.
6. User gets 10 points for a correct match and looses 5 points for a wrong one
7. User can skip an emoji for another one to be displayed within the 60 seconds window.
8. If the 60 seconds runs out before the user gets a correct prediction, its Game Over!

## Prerequisites

In order to follow along with this article, a few things are required:

1. basic Knowldge of Vuejs
2. [Nodejs](https://nodejs.org) installed on your system
3. [Vue CLI](https://cli.vuejs.org/) installed on your system
4. a Google account

## Creating the Google API Project

### Creating the Project

The first thing you need to have set up is a [Google Cloud Platform](https://cloud.google.com) project

### Enabling the Cloud Vision API

### Getting an API Key

## Creating the Auth0 Project

## Scaffolding the Vue project

## Setting up Authentication with Auth0

### The authentication service

### Adding a router

## Building the Emoji game

### Installing required packages

### Building the game page

### Adding authentication to the game page

## Running the Application
